texture FIRESK00
pic 1 tics 2
pic 2 tics 2
pic 3 tics 2
pic 4 tics 2
pic 5 tics 2
pic 6 tics 2
pic 7 tics 2
pic 8 tics 2
pic 9 tics 2
pic 10 tics 2
pic 11 tics 2
pic 12 tics 2
pic 13 tics 2
pic 14 tics 2
pic 15 tics 2
pic 16 tics 2
pic 17 tics 2
pic 18 tics 2
pic 19 tics 2
pic 20 tics 2
pic 21 tics 2
pic 22 tics 2
pic 23 tics 2
pic 24 tics 2
pic 25 tics 2
pic 26 tics 2
pic 27 tics 2
pic 28 tics 2
pic 29 tics 2
pic 30 tics 2
pic 31 tics 2
pic 32 tics 2
pic 33 tics 2
pic 34 tics 2
pic 35 tics 2
pic 36 tics 2
pic 37 tics 2
pic 38 tics 2
pic 39 tics 2
pic 40 tics 2
pic 41 tics 2
pic 42 tics 2
pic 43 tics 2
pic 44 tics 2
pic 45 tics 2
pic 46 tics 2
pic 47 tics 2
pic 48 tics 2
pic 49 tics 2
pic 50 tics 2
pic 51 tics 2
pic 52 tics 2
pic 53 tics 2
pic 54 tics 2
pic 55 tics 2
pic 56 tics 2
pic 57 tics 2
pic 58 tics 2
pic 59 tics 2
pic 60 tics 2
pic 61 tics 2
pic 62 tics 2
pic 63 tics 2
pic 64 tics 2
pic 65 tics 2
pic 66 tics 2
pic 67 tics 2
pic 68 tics 2
pic 69 tics 2
pic 70 tics 2
pic 71 tics 2
pic 72 tics 2
pic 73 tics 2
pic 74 tics 2
pic 75 tics 2
pic 76 tics 2
pic 77 tics 2
pic 78 tics 2
pic 79 tics 2
pic 80 tics 2
pic 81 tics 2
pic 82 tics 2
pic 83 tics 2
pic 84 tics 2
pic 85 tics 2
pic 86 tics 2
pic 87 tics 2
pic 88 tics 2
pic 89 tics 2
pic 90 tics 2
pic 91 tics 2
pic 92 tics 2
pic 93 tics 2
pic 94 tics 2
pic 95 tics 2
pic 96 tics 2
pic 97 tics 2
pic 98 tics 2
pic 99 tics 2
pic 100 tics 2

texture 64DOOR01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture 64DOOR02 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture 64DOOR03 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture 64DOOR04 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture 64DOOR05 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture 64DOOR06 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture 64DOOR07 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture 64DOOR08 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture 64DOOR09 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture 64DOOR10 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

Texture 64DOOR11 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

Texture 64DOOR12 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

Texture 64DOOR13 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture BLUE01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture BLUE02 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture BOOKS01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture BRICK01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture BRICK02 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture BRICK03 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture BRICK04 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture BRICK05 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture BRICK06 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture BRICK08 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture BRICK09 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture BRICK10 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture BRICK11A allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture BRICK12 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture BRICK13 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture BRICK14 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture BRICK15 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture BRICK16 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture BRICK17 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture BRONZE01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture BRONZE02 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture BRONZE03 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture BRONZE04 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture BRONZE05 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture BRONZE06 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture BRONZE07 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture BRONZE08 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture BRONZE09 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture BRONZE10 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture BRONZE11 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture BRONZE12 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture BROWN01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture BROWN02 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture BROWN03 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture BROWN04 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture BROWN05 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture BROWN05A allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture BROWN06 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture BROWN07 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture BROWN08 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture BROWN09 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture BROWN10 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture BROWN11 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture BROWN12 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture CEMENT01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture CEMENT02 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture CEMENT03 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture CEMENT04 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture CEMENT05 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture COMP01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture COMP02 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture COMP03 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture COMP04 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture COMP05 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture COMP06 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture COMP07 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture COMP08 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture COMP09 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture COMP10 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture COMP11 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture COMP12 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture COMP13 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture COMP14 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture COMP15 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture COMP16 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture COMP17 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture COMP18 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture COMP19 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture COMP20 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture COMPTALL allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture CRATE01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture CRATE02 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture CRATINY allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture DOOR01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture DOOR1 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture DOOR02 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture DOOR03 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture DOOR3 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture DOOR04 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture DOOR05 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture DOOR06 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture ENERGY01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 2 tics 9
pic 3 tics 9
pic 4 tics 9

texture EXIT allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture FACE01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture FACE02 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture FACE03 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture FIRE01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 2 tics 9

texture FLAME01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 2 tics 9
pic 3 tics 9

texture GORE01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture GORE02 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture GORE03 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture GORE04 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture GORE05 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture GORE06 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture GORE07 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture GORE08 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture GORE09 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture GORE10 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture GREEN01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture GREEN02 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture GREEN03 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture GREEN04 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture GREY01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture GREY02 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture GREY03 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture GREY04 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture GREY05 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture GREY06 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture GREY07 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture GREY12 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture GREY14 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture GREY16 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture GREY17 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture GREY18 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture GREY19 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture GREY21 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture GREY22 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture GREY23 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture GREY24 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture GREY25 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture GREY26 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture GREY27 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture GUTS01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture GUTS02 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture HEAD01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture HEAD02 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture HEAD03 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture HEAD04 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture HEAD05 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture HEAD06 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture IDWALL allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture LAVAW01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture LAVAW02 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture LAVWAL01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 2 tics 9
pic 3 tics 9

texture LITE01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture LITE02 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture LOCKBLU1 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture LOCKBLU2 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture LOCKRED1 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture LOCKRED2 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture LOCKYEL1 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture LOCKYEL2 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture MARBLE01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture MARBLE02 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture MARBLE03 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture MARBLE04 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture MARBLE05 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture MARBLE06 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture MARBLE08 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture MARBLE09 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture MARBLE10 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture MARBLE11 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture METAL01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture METAL02 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture METAL03 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture METAL04 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture METAL05 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture METAL06 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture METAL07 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture METAL08 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture METAL09 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture METAL10 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture METAL11 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture METAL12 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture METAL13 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture METAL14 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture METAL15 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture NUKE24 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture PIPE01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture PIPE02 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture PIPE04 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture PIPE05 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture PIPE06 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture PIPE07 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture PIPE08 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture PLAST01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture PLAST02 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture PLAT01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture REDBR01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture REDROK01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture ROCK01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture ROCK02 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture ROCK03 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture ROCK04 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture ROCK05 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture ROCK06 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture ROCK07 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture ROCK08 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture ROCK09 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture ROCK10 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture ROCK11 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture ROCK12 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture ROCK13 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture ROCK14 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture ROCK15 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture ROCK16 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture ROCK17 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture ROCK18 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture ROCK19 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture ROCK20 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture ROCK21 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture ROCK22 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture ROCK23 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture ROCK24 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture ROCK25 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture ROCKS allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture SFALL1 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 2 tics 9
pic 3 tics 9
pic 4 tics 9

texture SKIN01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture SKIN02 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture SKIN03 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture SKIN04 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture SKIN05 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture SKIN06 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture SKIN07 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture SKIN08 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture SKIN09 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture SLIM01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 2 tics 9
pic 3 tics 9
pic 4 tics 9



texture STEEL01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture STEEL02 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture STEEL03 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture STEEL04 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture STEEL05 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture STEEL06 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture STEEL07 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture STEP6 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture STONE01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture STONE02 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture STONE03 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture STONE04 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture SUPPORT1 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture TVSNOW01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 2 tics 9
pic 3 tics 9

Texture VBRICK08 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

Texture VBRICK16 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

Texture VBRICK18 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

Texture VBRICK19 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

Texture VBRICK20 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

Texture VBRICK21 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

Texture VINE3 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

Texture VINE4 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

Texture VINE5 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture WALL01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture WALL02 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture WALL03 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture WALL04 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture WALL05 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture WALL06 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture WALL07 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture WALL08 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture WALL09 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture WALL10 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture WALL11 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture WALL12 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture WALL13 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture WALL14 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture WALL15 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture WALL16 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture WALL17 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture WALL18 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture WALL19 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture WALL20 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture WALL21 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture WALL22 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture WALL23 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture WALL24 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture WALL25 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture WALL26 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture WALL27 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture WALL28 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture WALL29 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture WALL30 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture WALL31 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture WALL32 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture WALL33 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture WARN01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 2 tics 9

texture WINDOW01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture WINDOW02 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture WINDOW03 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture WINDOW04 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture WINDOW05 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture WINDOW06 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture WINDOW07 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture WINDOW08 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture WINDOW09 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture WINDOW10 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture WMSWALL allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture WOOD01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture WOOD02 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture WOOD03 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture WOOD04 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture WOOD06 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture WOOD07 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture WOOD08 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

texture WOOD09 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat BRIK01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat BRIK03 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat BRIK04 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat BRIK05 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat BRIK06 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat BRIK08 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat BRIK09 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat BRN01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat BRN02 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat BRN03 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat BRN04 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat BRN05 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat BRN06 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat BRN07 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat BRN08 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat BRN09 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat BRN10 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat BRN11 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat BRN12 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat BRN13 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat BRN14 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat BRN15 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat BRN16 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat BSLIME01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 2 tics 9
pic 3 tics 9
pic 4 tics 9

flat CARPET01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat CLUBTILE allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat CMENT allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat CSLIME01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 2 tics 9
pic 3 tics 9
pic 4 tics 9

flat ENERG01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 2 tics 9
pic 3 tics 9
pic 4 tics 9

flat GATE01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat GATE02 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat GATE03 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat GATE04 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat GATE05 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat GLOW01 allowdecals
pic 2 tics 9
pic 3 tics 9
pic 4 tics 9
pic 3 tics 9

flat GLOW02 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat GLOW03 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat GLOW04 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat GRASS01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat GRASS02 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat GRASS03 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat GRASS04 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat GRATE allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat GRAY01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat GRAY02 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat GRAY03 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat GRAY04 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat GRAY05 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat GRAY06 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat GRAY07 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat GRAY08 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat GRNLITE1 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat GUT01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat GUT02 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat LAVA01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 2 tics 9
pic 3 tics 9
pic 4 tics 9

flat LIGHT01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat LIGHT02 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat LIGHT03 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat LIGHT04 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat LIGHT05 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat LIGHT06 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat MARB01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat MET01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat MET02 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat MET03 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat MET04 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat MET05 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat METX01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat METX02 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat METX03 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat RED allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat ROK01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat ROK02 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat ROK03 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat ROK04 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat ROK05 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat ROK06 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat ROK07 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat ROK08 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat SLIME01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 2 tics 9
pic 3 tics 9

flat STEEL allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat STEP01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat STEP02 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat STEP6
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat TILE01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat TILE02 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat TILE03 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat TILE04 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat TILE05 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat TILE06 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat TILE07 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat TILE08 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat TILE09 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat WATER01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 2 tics 9
pic 3 tics 9
pic 4 tics 9

flat WMSGATE allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat WOODX01 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

flat WOODX02 allowdecals
pic 1 tics 9
pic 1 tics 9

switch SW1BMET on sound switch1 pic SW2BMET tics 0
switch SW2BMET off sound switch2 pic SW1BMET tics 0

switch SW1BRICK on sound switch1 pic SW2BRICK tics 0
switch SW2BRICK off sound switch2 pic SW1BRICK tics 0

switch SW1BRNZ on sound switch1 pic SW2BRNZ tics 0
switch SW2BRNZ off sound switch2 pic SW1BRNZ tics 0

switch SW1BROWN on sound switch1 pic SW2BROWN tics 0
switch SW2BROWN off sound switch2 pic SW1BROWN tics 0

switch SW1MARB on sound switch1 pic SW2MARB tics 0
switch SW2MARB off sound switch2 pic SW1MARB tics 0

switch SW1MET on sound switch1 pic SW2MET tics 0
switch SW2MET off sound switch2 pic SW1MET tics 0

switch SW1METAL on sound switch1 pic SW2METAL tics 0
switch SW2METAL off sound switch2 pic SW1METAL tics 0

switch SW1NEW02 on sound switch1 pic SW2NEW02 tics 0
switch SW2NEW02 off sound switch2 pic SW1NEW02 tics 0

switch SW1NEW03 on sound switch1 pic SW2NEW03 tics 0
switch SW2NEW03 off sound switch2 pic SW1NEW03 tics 0

switch SW1NEW04 on sound switch1 pic SW2NEW04 tics 0
switch SW2NEW04 off sound switch2 pic SW1NEW04 tics 0

switch SW1NEW05 on sound switch1 pic SW2NEW05 tics 0
switch SW2NEW05 off sound switch2 pic SW1NEW05 tics 0

switch SW1NEW06 on sound switch1 pic SW2NEW06 tics 0
switch SW2NEW06 off sound switch2 pic SW1NEW06 tics 0

switch SW1NEW10 on sound switch1 pic SW2NEW10 tics 0
switch SW2NEW10 off sound switch2 pic SW1NEW10 tics 0

switch SW1NEW11 on sound switch1 pic SW2NEW11 tics 0
switch SW2NEW11 off sound switch2 pic SW1NEW11 tics 0

switch SW1NEW13 on sound switch1 pic SW2NEW13 tics 0
switch SW2NEW13 off sound switch2 pic SW1NEW13 tics 0

switch SW1NEW14 on sound switch1 pic SW2NEW14 tics 0
switch SW2NEW14 off sound switch2 pic SW1NEW14 tics 0

switch SW1NEW20 on sound switch1 pic SW2NEW20 tics 0
switch SW2NEW20 off sound switch2 pic SW1NEW20 tics 0

switch SW1NEW25 on sound switch1 pic SW2NEW25 tics 0
switch SW2NEW25 off sound switch2 pic SW1NEW25 tics 0

switch SW1NEW26 on sound switch1 pic SW2NEW26 tics 0
switch SW2NEW26 off sound switch2 pic SW1NEW26 tics 0

switch SW1NEW28 on sound switch1 pic SW2NEW28 tics 0
switch SW2NEW28 off sound switch2 pic SW1NEW28 tics 0

switch SW1NEW29 on sound switch1 pic SW2NEW29 tics 0
switch SW2NEW29 off sound switch2 pic SW1NEW29 tics 0

switch SW1NEW30 on sound switch1 pic SW2NEW30 tics 0
switch SW2NEW30 off sound switch2 pic SW1NEW30 tics 0

switch SW1NEW31 on sound switch1 pic SW2NEW31 tics 0
switch SW2NEW31 off sound switch2 pic SW1NEW31 tics 0

switch SW1NEW32 on sound switch1 pic SW2NEW32 tics 0
switch SW2NEW32 off sound switch2 pic SW1NEW32 tics 0

switch SW1NEW33 on sound switch1 pic SW2NEW33 tics 0
switch SW2NEW33 off sound switch2 pic SW1NEW33 tics 0

switch SW1NEW34 on sound switch1 pic SW2NEW34 tics 0
switch SW2NEW34 off sound switch2 pic SW1NEW34 tics 0

switch SW1NEW35 on sound switch1 pic SW2NEW35 tics 0
switch SW2NEW35 off sound switch2 pic SW1NEW35 tics 0

switch SW1NEW36 on sound switch1 pic SW2NEW36 tics 0
switch SW2NEW36 off sound switch2 pic SW1NEW36 tics 0

switch SW1NEW39 on sound switch1 pic SW2NEW39 tics 0
switch SW2NEW39 off sound switch2 pic SW1NEW39 tics 0

switch SW1NEW40 on sound switch1 pic SW2NEW40 tics 0
switch SW2NEW40 off sound switch2 pic SW1NEW40 tics 0

switch SW1NEW41 on sound switch1 pic SW2NEW41 tics 0
switch SW2NEW41 off sound switch2 pic SW1NEW41 tics 0

switch SW1NEW42 on sound switch1 pic SW2NEW42 tics 0
switch SW2NEW42 off sound switch2 pic SW1NEW42 tics 0

switch SW1NEW45 on sound switch1 pic SW2NEW45 tics 0
switch SW2NEW45 off sound switch2 pic SW1NEW45 tics 0

switch SW1NEW46 on sound switch1 pic SW2NEW46 tics 0
switch SW2NEW46 off sound switch2 pic SW1NEW46 tics 0

switch SW1NEW47 on sound switch1 pic SW2NEW47 tics 0
switch SW2NEW47 off sound switch2 pic SW1NEW47 tics 0

switch SW1NEW51 on sound switch1 pic SW2NEW51 tics 0
switch SW2NEW51 off sound switch2 pic SW1NEW51 tics 0

switch SW1NEW57 on sound switch1 pic SW2NEW57 tics 0
switch SW2NEW57 off sound switch2 pic SW1NEW57 tics 0

switch SW1NEW60 on sound switch1 pic SW2NEW60 tics 0
switch SW2NEW60 off sound switch2 pic SW1NEW60 tics 0

switch SW1NEW63 on sound switch1 pic SW2NEW63 tics 0
switch SW2NEW63 off sound switch2 pic SW1NEW63 tics 0

switch SW1NEW65 on sound switch1 pic SW2NEW65 tics 0
switch SW2NEW65 off sound switch2 pic SW1NEW65 tics 0

switch SW1NEW66 on sound switch1 pic SW2NEW66 tics 0
switch SW2NEW66 off sound switch2 pic SW1NEW66 tics 0

switch SW1NEW68 on sound switch1 pic SW2NEW68 tics 0
switch SW2NEW68 off sound switch2 pic SW1NEW68 tics 0

switch SW1NEW69 on sound switch1 pic SW2NEW69 tics 0
switch SW2NEW69 off sound switch2 pic SW1NEW69 tics 0

switch SW1NEW70 on sound switch1 pic SW2NEW70 tics 0
switch SW2NEW70 off sound switch2 pic SW1NEW70 tics 0

switch SW1NEW71 on sound switch1 pic SW2NEW71 tics 0
switch SW2NEW71 off sound switch2 pic SW1NEW71 tics 0

switch SW1RED on sound switch1 pic SW2RED tics 0
switch SW2RED off sound switch2 pic SW1RED tics 0

switch SW1RUST on sound switch1 pic SW2RUST tics 0
switch SW2RUST off sound switch2 pic SW1RUST tics 0

switch SW1SKULL on sound switch1 pic SW2SKULL tics 0
switch SW2SKULL off sound switch2 pic SW1SKULL tics 0

switch SW1SKUL2 on sound switch1 pic SW2SKUL2 tics 0
switch SW2SKUL2 off sound switch2 pic SW1SKUL2 tics 0

switch SW1STAR on sound switch1 pic SW2STAR tics 0
switch SW2STAR off sound switch2 pic SW1STAR tics 0

switch SW1STEEL on sound switch1 pic SW2STEEL tics 0
switch SW2STEEL off sound switch2 pic SW1STEEL tics 0

flat	BLOOD1  	range	BLOOD3  	tics 9
flat	FWATER1 	range	FWATER4 	tics 9
flat	LAVA1   	range	LAVA4		tics 9
flat	NUKAGE1 	range	NUKAGE3 	tics 9
flat	SLIME01 	range	SLIME03 	tics 9
texture	BFALL1  	range	BFALL4  	tics 9
texture	BLODRIP1	range	BLODRIP4	tics 9
texture	FIREBLU1	range	FIREBLU2	tics 9
texture	FIRELAV3	range	FIRELAVA	tics 9
texture	FIREMAG1	range	FIREMAG3	tics 9
texture	FIREWALA	range	FIREWALL	tics 9
texture	GSTFONT1	range	GSTFONT3	tics 9
texture	ROCKRED1	range	ROCKRED3	tics 9
texture	SFALL1  	range	SFALL4  	tics 9
texture	WFALL1  	range	WFALL4  	tics 9